Segmenting and Clustering Neighborhoods in New York to start an Indian Cuisine 
Introduction
My brother with his family has come to stay with me. His family is completely new to the country and they are used to living in India. Their comfort zone is totally different in India and they have challenges to adapt to the new neighborhood. He currently plans to live and work in New York with his primary job. He and his wife plan to start a side business which his wife can run. They want to open an Indian restaurant in New York as more and more people are now migrating from bay area to this neighborhood. This is an opportunity to establish a business in this new neighborhood. The break down is below. Business Problem:

NEAR SCHOOLS: His kids and my kids who are of same age group can go to same school and being new to the country and educational system, this will help a lot if we choose the location of the restaurant closer to schools. Catering to business needs and school pick up/drop would be easy that way.

LESS COMMUTE: His wife is still learning to drive. If the neighborhood caters to both driving less and also establishing a restaurant business it will benefit. So public transport should be available too.

NEAR PARK & GROCERY SHOPS: It needs to be closer to grocery shops and parks for a reason. People might be going to park and might decide to eat out which will benefit the business instead of being in a busy high traffic area. Parking could be a hassle amidst high traffic. But a park nearby might help people to take out and sit in the park and eat.

POPULATION: If the neighborhood is densely populated then the business can thrive easily.

Most importantly the location needs to be something where there are not many Indian cuisines present. That way the competition can be managed.

The above four points need to be considered for making this business proposal a thriving long term successful venture.

MAIN FOCUS should be on finding a suitable location for opening the Indian restaurant cuisine around New York area.

OBJECTIVE: My focus is to recommend using this project assignment which neighborhood is more suitable for my brother and family to start the Indian restaurant business in New York.
